Refs #29850 -- Added exclusion support to window frames. (#17423)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.txt

* :class:`~django.db.models.expressions.RowRange` now accepts positive integers
  for the ``start`` argument and negative integers for the ``end`` argument.

* The new ``exclusion`` argument of
  :class:`~django.db.models.expressions.RowRange` and

>   :class:`~django.db.models.expressions.ValueRange` adds an exclusion clause to
>   the generated SQL when set to a  for supported databases.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
  :class:`~django.db.models.expressions.ValueRange` allows excluding rows,
  groups, and ties from the window frames.
```
